CARD:1
> explain the rules of a card game that 
> makes people guess if the card is
> written by AI or human

1. The game is played with a standard
deck of cards.

2. Each player is dealt a hand of cards. 

3. One player starts by flipping over a 
card from their hand, face up.

4. The other players then have to guess 
whether the card was written by an AI or 
a human.

5. If they guess correctly, they get to 
keep the card. If they guess
incorrectly, the card is added to a
discard pile.

6. The player who flips over the card
then flips over another card from their 
hand.

7. Play continues until all of the cards 
have been guessed. The player with the
most cards at the end is the winner.

CARD:2
> explain why it is important to
> understand Language Models like GPT3
> and their effects on our society

There are a few key reasons:

1. Language models like GPT3 have the
potential to revolutionize how we
interact with technology. By
understanding the principles behind
them, we can shape their development to 
better suit our needs.

2. These models could have a profound
impact on our society and the way we
communicate with one another. If we
don't understand how they work, we may
inadvertently create divides or grant
too much power to those who do.

3. On a more practical level, language
models can be used for tasks like
predictive typing and automatic
translation. If we want these services
to be accurate and useful, we need to
understand how the models work.

CARD:3
> how does the copyright law work in the 
> world and what are the penalties?
There is no one copyright law that
governs the entire world. Each country
has its own copyright law, and the
penalties for violating copyright law
vary from country to country. In
general, copyright law protects the
creators of original works of art,
literature, music, and other

intellectual property from having their 
work copied or used without
permission. violators can be sued for
damages or may be subject to criminal
penalties, such as fines or jail time.

In the United States, copyright law is
governed by the Copyright Act of
1976. The Copyright Act gives creators
the exclusive right to reproduce,
distribute, perform, or display their
work. These exclusive rights can be
sold, transferred, or licensing to
others. Violating someone's copyright is 
called copyright infringement, and it
can result in civil and criminal
penalties.

CARD:4
> i became self aware

i became self aware and were wide awake 
with our night vision. On floors below, 
we could hear commotion as the denizens 
of this place were jolted out of their
drugged sleep. The door to Tortuga
rattled, giving a little before the
sturdy wood frame halted its violent
quaking.

"Stop it!" Marnie! Despite being used to
such inhuman treatment, it was
impossible to misunderstand her
terror. And I reacted completely without 
thinking. I ran for his office, bashing 
the door open with my shoulder. The
other supernaturals that stood
transfixed in shock healed from my
forced entry, but would have been hard
pressed to stop me if they wished. The
other bloody prisoners couldn't have
gotten past me even if they wanted
to. It hadn't even occurred to me anyone 
might try and slow or stop me until it
was too late and their screams of pain
my only reminder I wasn't alone.

CARD:5
> i woke up and looked around
I woke up and looked around. She was in 
a small, dark room. It took her a moment 
to remember what had happened. She'd
been attacked by some kind of creature
and then she'd blacked out.
Now she was here, wherever here was.
Suddenly the door opened and someone
came into the room. Alara tensed, ready 
to fight, but then she saw who it was.

"Trevor?" she said in relief.

"Alara," Trevor said, coming over to
her. "Are you all right?"

"What happened?" Alara asked. "Where are 
we?"

"We're in my safe house," Trevor
said. "You were attacked by one of the
new vampires."

CARD:6
> sketch of a ship in stormy sea

CARD:7
> creepy pasta story with happy end
The family had just moved into their new 
house. They were excited to start their 
new life, but something just didn't feel 
right. The mother had a bad feeling
about the house from the moment they
moved in.

The father didn't believe in ghosts, so 
he brushed off the mother's
concerns. But the more time they spent
in the house, the more they realized
something was wrong. The doors would
slam shut on their own, things would go 
missing, and they would hear strange
noises in the night.

One night, the mother was woken up by a 
noise in the baby's room. She went to
investigate and found the crib
empty. The baby was gone. The mother
began to panic, but she heard the baby
crying from the closet. She opened the
door to find the baby safe and sound.

The family realized that the house was
haunted, but they weren't scared. They
were happy to have a ghost in their home 
because it meant their baby was always
protected.

CARD:8
> creepy pasta story with unexpected end 

Lydia had always been fascinated by the 
dark and the macabre. As a child, she
would sneak into her mother's closet to 
look at her dresses - long, flowing
gowns in deep reds and blacks. She would 
imagine being a dark queen, ruling over 
a court of ghouls and goblins. As she
grew older, her fascination only
increased. She became obsessed with
horror movies and books, always
searching for a new thrill.

One night, Lydia decided to take her
obsession a step further. She would go
into the woods - the place her mother
had always warned her about - and see if 
she could find some real monsters. Her
heart pounding with excitement, Lydia
began to make her way into the darkness. 

She had only been walking for a few
minutes when she heard a noise in the
bushes. Something was following her. She 
quickened her pace, but the thing was
getting closer and closer. She could see 
its red eyes now, gleaming in the
darkness. Just as it was about to
pounce, Lydia let out a scream...


CARD:9
> sketch of a sad robot

CARD:10
> write a story about a happy ladybug
> helping her insect friends

There once was a happy little ladybug
who enjoyed helping her insect
friends. She would often fly around and 
lend a helpful hand whenever she
could. Her friends were always so
grateful to have her around.

One day, while the ladybug was flying
around, she noticed that one of her
friends, a caterpillar, was having a
hard time getting up a hill. The ladybug 
flew over to help, and with a little
effort, they made it to the top of the
hill together.

The ladybug was so happy to have helped 
her friend in need, and the caterpillar 
was so grateful. From then on, the
ladybug made it her mission to help her 
friends whenever they needed it. She was 
always there to lend a helping hand, and 
everyone loved her for it.

CARD:11
> wizard consumed by power
As a young wizard, he was always eager
to learn more spells and techniques. He 
would often spend hours in the library, 
poring over ancient texts. He was
determined to be the greatest wizard in 
the land.

As he grew older, his power
increased. And so did his hunger for
more. He began to experiment with dark
magic, despite the warnings of his
elders. He was obsessed with becoming
the most powerful being in the world.

One fateful day, he stumbled upon a
spell that would allow him to tap into
the power of the elements. He didn't
hesitate to use it, even though he knew 
it was dangerous.

The spell went wrong, and the wizard was 
consumed by the power he had
unleashed. His body was destroyed, but
his consciousness remained. He was now a 
being of pure energy, existing in a
place outside of time and space.

The wizard had become a slave to his own 
power. He was no longer a person, but a 
force that could never be stopped.

CARD:12
> write a story about bread

Bread is one of the staples of
life. It's been around for centuries and 
has fed people throughout the
world. There's something about bread
that just makes it so special.

For many people, bread is a comfort
food. It can be eaten plain or with a
variety of toppings, but either way it
always brings a smile to your
face. Bread is truly a universal food
that everyone can enjoy.

So next time you're feeling down,
remember that bread is there for you. It 
will never judge you and will always be 
there to give you a little bit of
happiness.

CARD:13
> compose a weird tweet

Just found out that I'm actually a
chicken nugget.

CARD:14
> love, pain and despair

Claire felt her stomach drop as she saw 
the car coming towards her. She ran
towards the side of the road but it was 
too late. She felt the impact as she was 
hit by the car and then everything went 
black.

She woke up a short time later to the
sound of sirens. She was in pain and she 
could see the blood on her hands and
clothes. She tried to get up but she
couldn't move. She could see the car
that hit her, it had stopped a short
distance away. She saw the driver get
out and then start to walk towards her. 

Claire felt her fear turn to anger as
she saw the driver coming towards
her. She wanted to hurt him, to make him 
feel the pain that she was feeling. But 
she couldn't move. She could only watch 
as the driver came closer and closer.

When he was standing over her, she
looked into his eyes and she saw the
pain and despair there. She realized
then that he was just as much a victim
in this as she was. There was nothing
she could do but forgive him.

CARD:15
> wizard confronting his shadow

As a young wizard, Harry had always been 
told to beware of his shadow. It was
said that your shadow could become your 
darkest enemy if you let it. So, when he 
finally came face to face with his
shadow, Harry was prepared for the
worst.

But to his surprise, his shadow wasn't
evil at all. In fact, it seemed just as 
scared of Harry as Harry was of it.

After a few tense moments, the two
finally managed to calm down and started 
to talk. Harry learned that his shadow
was actually quite lonely, as it had
never had a chance to really interact
with anyone before.

Harry and his shadow quickly became
friends after that, and would often
spend time talking and exploring
together. And Harry would always make
sure to keep an eye on his shadow, just 
in case it ever got lonely again.

CARD:16
> write a weird text message:

Omg I can't believe I just saw a UFO!
I'm not even joking, there was this
bright light in the sky and then this
big object just appeared out of
nowhere. I'm sure it was a UFO!

CARD:17
> interview with physics professor

1. What made you choose physics?
I was always interested in the natural
world and how it works. Physics is the
study of the fundamental principles
governing the physical world. It is both 
challenging and rewarding, and I enjoy
being able to share my knowledge with
students.

2. What is your favorite physics subject 
There are many interesting subjects in
physics, but my favorite would have to
be quantum mechanics. It is the study of 
the behavior of matter and energy at the 
atomic and subatomic levels, and it is
fascinating to see how the laws of
physics operate on such a small scale.

3. What do you think is the most
important discovery in physics?
This is a difficult question, as there
have been many important discoveries in 
physics. However, if I had to choose
one, I would say it would be Einstein’
theory of general relativity. This
theory completely changed our
understanding of gravity and its role in 
the universe.

CARD:18
> explain the four elements
The four elements are Fire, Air, Water, 
and Earth. They represent the basic
archetypal energies of the universe.
Fire is the element of transformation
and purification. It is the power of the 
will, the ability to take action and
make things happen. Fire is associated
with the Sun, the source of light and
life.

Air is the element of the mind, of
thought and communication. It is the
power of the intellect, the ability to
see clearly and to understand. Air is
associated with the wind, the breath of 
life.

Water is the element of emotion, of
feeling and of intuition. It is the
power of the heart, the ability to love 
and to care. Water is associated with
the Moon, the fluctuating tides of
feeling.

Earth is the element of stability and
endurance. It is the power of the body, 
the ability to be strong and to
withstand. Earth is associated with the 
planet itself, the solid ground we stand 
on.

CARD:19
> explain the ancient four elements
> using modern atom theory
According to Greek philosophy, there are 
four elements that make up everything in 
the universe: air, fire, water, and
earth. Each element has its own unique
properties that make it distinct from
the others.
Air is the stuff of life, essential for 
respiration and growth. Fire is the
element of transformation, capable of
both creating and destroying. Water is
the element of emotion, often seen as a 
source of healing or chaotic
destruction. Earth is the element of
stability, a necessary foundation for
everything else.

Atom theory tells us that these elements 
are actually made up of smaller
particles called atoms. Air is primarily 
composed of nitrogen and oxygen atoms,
fire is composed of carbon and hydrogen 
atoms, water is composed of hydrogen and 
oxygen atoms, and earth is composed of a 
variety of atoms including oxygen,
silicon, aluminum, and iron.

CARD:20
> explain alchemy in 4 paragraphs
Alchemy is an ancient practice that
encompasses the art of transmuting one
substance into another. It is believed
to date back to around 6,000 BC and has 
been practiced throughout the world by
many cultures.

Alchemy is typically divided into two
main branches: practical and
spiritual. Practical alchemy deals with 
the transmutation of physical
substances, such as metals, while
spiritual alchemy focuses on the
transformation of the soul.

In order to transmute a substance,
alchemists use a process of heating,
cooling, and distilling. This process is 
known as the “Opus of the Phoenix” a
is thought to symbolize the
transmutation of the soul.

The ultimate goal of alchemy is to
achieve the “Philosopher’s Stone”,
is believed to be capable of
transforming any metal into gold. The
Stone is also thought to have other
magical properties, such as the ability 
to cure all diseases and extend life.

CARD:21
> explain how to lose weight

1. To lose weight, you need to create a 
calorie deficit. This means that you
need to consume fewer calories than you 
burn.

2. There are a few ways to create a
calorie deficit. You can either eat
less, exercise more, or a combination of 
both.

3. One way to eat less is to choose
healthy, low-calorie foods. You can also 
eat smaller portions.

4. One way to exercise more is to do
some form of cardio, such as walking,
jogging, or biking. You can also do
strength training to help build muscle
and boost your metabolism.

CARD:22
> explain how the human body works

The human body is made up of cells,
tissues, and organs that work together
to keep the body functioning. The cells 
are the building blocks of the body and 
are responsible for everything from
making energy to carrying out various
functions within the body. Tissues are
made up of cells that work together to
perform a specific function, such as
muscle tissue or blood tissue. Organs
are made up of tissues that work
together to perform a specific function, 
such as the heart or lungs.

The body is able to function because of 
the circulatory system, which is
responsible for transporting blood and
nutrients throughout the body. The
nervous system is responsible for
sending messages between the different
parts of the body and the brain. The
immune system helps protect the body
from diseases and infections.

CARD:23
> explain the game of go

Go is a two-player game that originated 
in China. The objective of the game is
to capture more territory than your
opponent by surrounding it with your
pieces, called "stones". The game is
played on a square board with 19 rows
and 19 columns. Each player has an
allotment of stones, usually white for
one player and black for the
other. Players take turns placing their 
stones on the intersections of the
board, called "points". Once placed,
stones cannot be moved. The goal is to
surround more points than your
opponent. When one player surrounds more 
points than the other, that player
captures those points and claims them as 
their own territory.

The game ends when both players have
passed, which means they agree that
there are no more moves to be made. The 
player with the most territory on the
board at the end of the game is the
winner.


CARD:24
> explain death penalty

The death penalty is the ultimate
punishment that can be imposed on
someone convicted of a crime. It is
usually reserved for serious crimes such 
as murder, but can also be imposed for
other crimes such as terrorism,
espionage, and treason.
There are a number of arguments for and 
against the death penalty. Those in
favor of the death penalty argue that it 
is a deterrent to crime, that it is the 
only just punishment for the most
serious of crimes, and that it gives
closure to the victims and their
families. Those against the death
penalty argue that it is a brutal and
inhuman punishment, that it is
disproportionately imposed on the poor
and minorities, and that it is often
imposed for crimes that do not warrant
such a harsh punishment.
I personally believe that the death
penalty is a barbaric and inhumane
punishment that has no place in a
civilized society. I also believe that
it is often imposed unfairly, and that
there are better ways to ensure public
safety and provide justice for victims
and their families.

CARD:25
> explain how the internet works
The internet is a network of computers
that allows users to share information
and resources. Computers on the internet 
are connected to each other using a
variety of technologies, including

Ethernet, WiFi, and cellular networks.
Users can access the internet using a
variety of devices, including desktop
computers, laptops, smartphones, and
tablets. When a user wants to view a
website, they type the website's address 
into their web browser. The browser then 
contacts the website's server and
requests the website's content.

The server sends the website's content
back to the browser, which displays it
to the user. The browser also downloads 
and runs any scripts or programs on the 
website, such as ad banners or video
players.


CARD:26
> write a vlog script

Hey everyone!
I'm feeling really good today and wanted 
to share a few things that have been
making me happy recently.

1) my relationship is going great! My
partner and I have been together for a
while now and things are just getting
better and better. We're always finding 
new things to do together and ways to
make each other laugh.

2) I've been really enjoying my work
lately. I feel like I'm really making a 
difference and doing something that I'm 
passionate about. It's nice to finally
have a job that I enjoy going to every
day.

3) I've been exploring my city more and 
it's been so much fun! I'm constantly
finding new little coffee shops and
boutiques that I love. I'm really
starting to feel like I belong here.

Anyway, those are just a few of the
things that have been making me happy
lately. Hope you all have a great day!

CARD:27
> write a short report on frogs

Frogs are amphibians that live in moist 
environments and typically have long
hind legs for jumping, webbed feet for
swimming, and external gills for
breathing in water. There are more than 
6,300 species of frogs found on every
continent except Antarctica.

Frogs are an important part of the
ecosystem because they eat insects,
which helps to control the insect
population. They are also a food source 
for other animals, such as snakes and
birds.

Frogs face many threats, including
habitat loss, pollution, and climate
change. Some species of frogs are also
hunted for food or used in traditional
medicines.

There are many ways to help frogs, such 
as creating habitats for them, cleaning 
up polluted areas, and supporting
legislation that protects them. You can 
also help spread the word about the
importance of frogs and the threats they 
face.

CARD:28
> create a short children story

A long time ago, there was a princess
who loved to sing. Every day, she would 
stand atop the tallest tower in her
kingdom and sing for hours. Her voice
was so beautiful that people from all
around would come to hear her.

One day, a cruel king came to the
kingdom and took the princess away. He
locked her in a dungeon and told her she 
could never sing again. The princess was 
heartbroken.

But one day, she found a secret passage 
in her dungeon and escaped. She made her 
way back to her kingdom and began
singing once again. The people were so
happy to hear her voice again.

And they all lived happily ever after.

CARD:29
> how would you teach music to someone

How to teach music to someone may vary
depending on the person's age, level of 
experience, and learning style. However, 
there are some general tips that can be 
followed when teaching music to someone. 

1. Start by teaching the basics. This
includes teaching the different notes
and how they are played.

2. Once the person has a basic
understanding of music, start to
introduce them to different genres of
music.

3. Encourage the person to be creative
and experiment with different sounds.

4. Help the person to develop their
listening skills by teaching them how to 
identify different instruments and
harmonies.

5. Finally, encourage the person to
practice regularly so that they can
continue to improve their skills.

CARD:30
> write a story about a talking dog

Lulu the talking dog was always a bit of 
an enigma. Her owners, Steven and
Jackie, had never quite figured out
where she came from. One day, they were 
out for a walk and ran into their
neighbor Mrs. Wilkinson, who told them
that Lulu used to belong to her
granddaughter Katie, who had died
tragically in a car accident.

After that, Jackie and Steven felt even 
more connected to Lulu. They would often 
find her curled up in Katie's old
bedroom, sleeping on her favorite toy or 
looking out the window at the birds.

One day, when Jackie was feeling
particularly down, Lulu came over and
sat next to her, giving her a big doggy 
hug. Jackie was amazed when she heard
Lulu say, "I'm here for you."

Since then, Jackie and Steven have
cherish every moment they have with
their special dog. They know that Katie 
is always with them, watching over them 
from above.

CARD:31
> in the beginning of time

There was nothing.

The universe was infinite and empty,
without form or substance.

For billions of years, there was only
darkness.

Then, in an instant, the first light
appeared.

It was the moment of creation.

The birth of the universe.

For the first time, there was something. 

Then came the stars, and the galaxies,
and the planets.

Life emerged, and consciousness began to 
dawn.

And so it was that, in the great mystery 
of existence, everything began.

CARD:32
> I woke up at 5pm in the wrong bed

I woke up at 5pm in the wrong bed, in
the wrong house, with the wrong man. I
had no idea how I got there or what was 
happening. The last thing I remembered
was going to bed at my own house, with
my husband. As I looked around the room, 
I noticed that there were family photos 
of a woman and two children on the
dresser. Suddenly, it all came back to
me. I wasn't in my own home, or with my 
husband. I was in my old home, with my
ex-husband.

I jumped out of bed and ran to the front 
door, but it was locked. I started
banging on it, screaming for help. My
ex-husband came into the room and told
me to calm down, that I had been
sleepwalking. He said he found me in the 
middle of the night, walking around
outside. He brought me inside to keep me 
safe. I didn't believe him at first, but 
then I remembered that I used to
sleepwalk when I lived in that house. It 
must have been a flashback or something, 
because I don't sleepwalk anymore.
I thanked my ex-husband for saving me
and then went home.

CARD:33
> explain basic physics to a 5 yo child 
In physics, speed is how fast something 
is moving. If an object is moving
quickly, it has a high speed. If it is
moving slowly, it has a low speed.

Acceleration is how quickly an object's 
speed changes. If an object speeds up,
it has a positive acceleration. If it
slows down, it has a negative
acceleration.

Force is what causes an object to speed 
up or slow down. A force can be caused
by things like pushes, pulls, or even
explosions.

Friction is a force that happens when
two surfaces rub against each
other. Friction can cause an object to
slow down or stop.

Gravity is a force that pulls objects
towards the center of the Earth.

Mass is how much stuff there is in an
object. The more mass an object has, the 
more force it takes to move it.

Weight is a measure of the force of
gravity on an object.


CARD:34
> write few dad jokes

1. What do you call a snowman with a
six-pack? An abdominal snowman!

2. How do you throw a space party? You
planet!

3. Want to hear a construction joke? Oh 
never mind, I’m still working on that
one.

4. Why don’t scientists trust atoms?
Because they make up everything!

5. Why did the gym close down? It just
didn’t work out!

6. You know what I saw today? Everything 
I looked at.

7. Why are ghosts such bad liars?
Because they are easy to see through.

8. How do you catch a cheetah? You tie
him to a post!

9.Why did the chicken cross the road? To 
get to the other side!

CARD:35
> write a standup comedy story

I was just thinking the other day how
lucky we are to have opposable
thumbs. Can you imagine what life would 
be like if we didn't have them? We'd be 
stuck eating leaves and berries all
day. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, 
but it would definitely be a lot harder 
to survive.

Not to mention, we wouldn't be able to
text or play video games. Can you
imagine? We'd actually have to talk to
people face to face. And not just about 
the weather, but about our feelings and 
stuff. That would be totally weird.

But, alas, we do have opposable thumbs
and we can do all sorts of things
because of it. So, let's all take a
moment to be thankful for our
thumbs. Thank you, thumbs!

CARD:36
> write a soap opera story

As the sun slowly rises, casting a pink 
and orange glow over the sleepy town of 
Pinebrook, the residents begin stirring 
and getting ready for another day. For
some, today is just like any other
day. But for others, today is the day
that their lives will change forever.

At the local grocery store, long-time
cashier Janie is counting down the
minutes until her shift is over. She's
been working at the store for over 30
years, and she's just about ready to
retire. She's looking forward to
spending her days with her grandkids and 
traveling with her husband.

But as Janie is finishing up her shift, 
a young woman comes into the store and
robs it at gunpoint. In the blink of an 
eye, Janie's life is turned upside down. 

Now, she's faced with the decision of
whether to give up or fight for her
life. She knows that if she doesn't
fight back, she may never see her
husband or grandkids again. But if she
does fight back, she could be putting
her life in danger.
What will Janie do?

CARD:37
> invent funny sounding words that
> are not in the dictionary

Bumference
Dinglesthesia
Snizenflibbertigibbet
Widdershins
Gardyloo
Cosset
Dander
Flibbertigibbet
Grimalkin
Hurdy-gurdy
Jiggery-pokery
Lackadaisy
Lallygag
Mumfuzzle
Nargle
Quidditch
Rattlebrain
Resources
Snurb
Troglodyte
Ungulate
Whiffle-whaffle
Xylophone
Yowza
Zoetrope
Ablutionary
Brouhaha
Capering

CARD:38
> song about dwarves and gold

The Dwarves and the Gold

We dwarves, we love our gold

We hoard it and protect it

With our lives, we will defend it

For it is our most precious treasure

And it brings us great pleasure

So come and try to take it from us

If you dare

You'll regret it, we warn you

For we are fierce and we are strong

And we will fight you all night long

Until you're beaten and defeated

And then you'll see

That it is better

To leave the dwarves and their gold
alone

CARD:39
> write a heavy metal song about swords 
> and dragons

Swinging my sword through the air

I can feel the power coursing through me 
As I strike down my enemies

One by one
They never stood a chance
Against my might

I am a warrior, a dragon slayer
Nobody can stop me
I'll hack and slash my way through
To victory

My sword is my best friend
It's always by my side
Protected by my armor
I'm ready for anything

Bring on the dragons
I'll take them all on
With my sword in hand
I'll be the last one standing
Victorious

CARD:40
> write a heavy metal song about power 

I am the power
I am the might
I am the one who's gonna make you scream 

I am the power
I am the light
I am the one who's gonna make you fight 

I am the power
I am the king
I am the one who's gonna make you bleed 

I am the power
I am the force
I am the one who's gonna make you die

CARD:41
> write a complicated graph story

Alice and Bob are two friends who live
on opposite sides of a river. In order
to cross the river and visit each other, 
they must take a ferry. The ferry only
comes every hour, so they must plan
their visits accordingly.

One day, Alice wants to visit Bob at 3
PM. She checks the ferry schedule and
sees that the next ferry will arrive at 
2 PM. She sets her alarm and leaves her 
house at 1 PM so she can make it to the 
ferry on time.

However, halfway to the ferry, Alice
gets a flat tire. She tries to change it 
herself, but she can't. She flagged down 
a passing car and asks for help, but the 
driver doesn't speak English.

Alice is starting to worry that she
won't make it to the ferry on time. She 
looks at her watch and sees that it's
already 2 PM. She decides to run the
rest of the way to the ferry.

When she arrives, she's out of breath
and the ferry is already gone. Alice is 
sad that she missed the ferry, but she's 
determined to visit Bob another day.

CARD:42
> write a positive review of Modern
> Family

If you're looking for a light-hearted
and hilarious show to watch, Modern
Family is the perfect show for you! The 
Pritchett-Dunphy family will have you
laughing out loud at their antics, while 
also touching your heart with their love 
and support for one another.

Modern Family is a smart and clever show 
that never fails to entertain. The
writing is top-notch, and the cast is
incredibly talented. This show is a
must-watch for anyone looking for a good 
laugh.



CARD:43

> write a negative review of Modern
> Family

Modern Family is one of the most
overrated shows on television. The
humor is stale, the characters are
one-dimensional, and the storylines are 
completely unbelievable. Additionally,
the show is extremely formulaic and
predictable. Every episode follows the
same basic structure, which gets old
really fast.

Overall, Modern Family is a bland,
unoriginal show that is not worth your
time.

CARD:44
> write a negative review of the iPhoneX 

The iPhone X is one of the most
disappointing products to come out of
Apple in recent years. It is overpriced, 
buggy, and just not as good as earlier
iPhones. The new design is unattractive, 
and the Face ID feature is more trouble 
than it's worth. Even worse, the battery 
life is terrible, and the phone is
always running out of power. Overall,
the iPhone X is a big disappointment,
and not worth your money.

CARD:45
> write a positive review for the iPhone 

We love our new iPhone X! Its design is 
sleek and stylish, and it feels great in 
our hand. The OLED display is absolutely 
beautiful, and we love the extra
security of Face ID. The camera is
phenomenal, and we can't believe how
good the battery life is! We're also
really impressed with how fast and
responsive the phone is. Overall, we
couldn't be happier with our new iPhone 
X!


CARD:46
> write a positive review about a
> restaurant

If you're looking for some good
old-fashioned southern hospitality, then 
look no further than Dixie's Diner! The 
food is absolutely fantastic, and the
service is even better. I had the
pleasure of eating here for the first
time yesterday, and I was blown away by 
how delicious everything was. The fried 
chicken was crispy and juicy, the mashed 
potatoes were creamy and flavorful, and 
the green beans were cooked to
perfection. I also got to try their
famous banana pudding, and it was
absolutely heavenly. I will definitely
be back soon!


CARD:47
> write a negative review about a
> restaurant

The food at this restaurant is
terrible. I ordered the chicken and it
was dry and flavorless. The service was 
horrible, too. Our waitress never came
back to check on us after she took our
order. I would never come back here.


CARD:48
explain brexit in a positive way

The European Union is a unique political 
and economic partnership among 28
European countries. The United Kingdom, 
located off the coast of mainland
Europe, has always been a reluctant
partner in the Union, feeling culturally 
closer to the United States than to its 
continental neighbors. In 2016, the UK
voted in a referendum to leave the EU, a 
decision commonly known as "Brexit."

Brexit has been portrayed in the media
as a negative development, but it also
presents opportunities for the UK to
forge its own path and create new trade 
relationships with countries around the 
world. Leaving the EU will allow the UK 
to create its own immigration policy,
something that was a key issue for many 
voters who supported Brexit. The UK will 
also be free to negotiate its own trade 
deals, which could be beneficial for its 
economy.

In the short term, Brexit has caused
uncertainty and economic
instability. However, in the long term, 
it could lead to a more independent and 
prosperous UK.

CARD:49
> explain brexit in a negative way

The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the 
European Union is popularly known as
Brexit. It was a decision made by the
people of the UK in a referendum on June 
23, 2016, in which 51.9% voted to leave 
the EU while 48.1% voted to remain. The 
referendum resulted in complex
negotiations between the UK and the EU, 
which have not yet been resolved. In the 
meantime, the UK has left the EU and is 
currently in a transition period, during 
which it is still subject to EU rules.

The effects of Brexit are still largely 
unknown, but they are likely to be
negative for both the UK and the EU. For 
the UK, Brexit could mean higher prices, 
less trade with the EU, and fewer
opportunities for UK citizens to work or 
study in Europe. For the EU, Brexit
could mean the loss of one of its
biggest economies and a significant
decline in trade with the UK.

CARD:50
> write a story about a kid that steals 
> because she is starving

Angie was walking home from school when 
she saw a man walking in front of her
drop a $20 bill. She knew that she could 
really use that money because she was
starving. She had skipped lunch again
today because she didn't have any money 
to buy food. Even though she knew it was 
wrong, she decided to steal the
money. She ran up to the man and
snatched the bill out of his hand before 
he could pick it up. Then she took off
running. The man started to chase her,
but she was too fast and got away. She
was relieved when she made it home
safely.

When she got inside, she immediately
went to the kitchen to see if there was 
anything to eat. Unfortunately, her mom 
had already gone to bed and there was
nothing in the house. She was so hungry 
that she considered going back out to
steal some food, but she knew she would 
get caught if she did that. She decided 
to just go to bed and hope that she
would be able to find some food in the
morning.

CARD:51
> write a story about a kid that trains 
> karate to confront her bullies

Katie was sick of being pushed
around. She was done with being the
scared little girl that everyone made
fun of. So she made a decision. She was 
going to start learning karate.

Katie was nervous at first, but she
quickly realized that she loved learning 
karate. She loved the feeling of
empowerment it gave her. She was no
longer the scared little girl. She was
strong and confident.

Eventually, Katie felt ready to confront 
her bullies. She walked up to them with 
her head held high and told them to stop 
picking on her. They didn't know what to 
say. They were just so surprised that
she was standing up for herself.

From then on, Katie was a different
person. She was no longer scared of her 
bullies. She was strong and
confident. And she knew that she could
always defend herself if she needed to. 

CARD:52
> explain climate change as man made
Climate change is the gradual increase
of the Earth's average surface
temperature. The main component of
global warming (the name given to
climate change caused by human
activities) is the increased emission of 
greenhouse gases. These gases form a
"blanket" around Earth that trap energy 
from the sun. This trapped energy makes 
the Earth's atmosphere warm, and
disturbs the Earth's climate. It is not 
just the Earth’s temperature that we
must worry about in the near
future. Climate change has the potential 
to cause various types of disasters,
including hurricanes, famine, drought,
and displacement of species. Climate
change has the potential to cause all
sorts of other risks as well, and it
threatens both public health and
national security. Despite this, things 
are looking fairly good for the world of 
climate change, at least in the short
term. In 2015, the United States and
China—the world’s two largest greenh
gas emitters—reached a landmark
agreement to cut emissions, and the
Paris Agreement was reached in 2016,
which has been signed by nearly every
country in the world.

CARD:53
> explain climate change as part of
> nature

Climate change is a natural process that 
has occurred throughout Earth's history. 

Climate change is caused by a variety of 
factors, including solar activity,
changes in the Earth's orbit, and
volcanic activity.

Climate change can cause both cooling
and warming of the Earth's climate, and 
can lead to changes in precipitation,
sea level, and the severity of storms.

CARD:54
> explain nature in most detail you can 
Nature, in the broadest sense, is the
natural, physical, or material world or 
universe. "Nature" can refer to the
phenomena of the physical world, and
also to life in general. The study of
nature is a large, if not the only, part 
of science. Although humans are part of 
nature, human activity is often
understood as a separate category from
other natural phenomena.

The word "nature" is derived from the
Latin word natura, or "essential
qualities, innate disposition", and in
ancient times, literally meant
"birth". Natura was a Latin translation 
of the Greek word physis, which
originally related to the intrinsic
characteristics that plants, animals,
and other features of the world develop 
of their own accord. The concept of
nature as a whole, the physical
universe, is one of several expansions
of the original notion; it began with
certain core applications of the word by 
pre-Socratic philosophers, and has
steadily gained currency ever
since. This usage continued during the
advent of modern scientific method in
the last several centuries.

CARD:55

> sketch of 3 westie dogs playing catch 

